hello everyone I know it's been a while
since I put up a moonrise update because
I've been busy but I just wanted to show
you guys something that has been it's
been out for a while but it's just the
evolution guy to some of the creatures
here and I thought it was really cute so
let's take a look at some of them oh
yeah you have to be logged in with a lot
of real quick you can make an account
with them by the way to see the updates
okay so this is the Emperor jaw this is
basically like an info sort of like
monster card for this creature this is
this first-ever evolution where it
starts off as the baby and then it turns
into sender tooth to do troop it's also
by the way and then its final form which
is PI roaming which is what you see in
the videos it also tells you about its
different moves and also its biography
and it's starting trade not to mention
that we learn skills then we have the
snap trap which is like a leafy kind of
monster its final form looks amazing
than me all of them look cool but check
out its final four tho SiC right and
love it it's just really awesome looking
so it says that it's typical learn
skills or lash quick branch healing
roots and grab Healey groups probably
has a huge immediately whether it's your
allies or to your actual re but that's
still awesome i'd love to have a healer
in my teeth and then last but not least
is the limiting get it see an ebony
zebedee we have the demo day that
evolves it to the neminn ox which then
evolves into the Neman art looks like a
digital it looks so cool I love with
little arms stuff like that how it just
looks like a little makes kind of like a
fox so yeah this is the water type
solari I don't know these will be
starter Solari or you'll have the fire
and plan of the large she's from right
off the bat but it's still really cool
all the forms you have like Pokemon and
you're like I don't know which one shoes
because someone just look ugly but every
single one that looks so cool loon rice
also has a Twitter page you can join
them on Twitter it's an HTTPS colon
forward slash twitter com far / moonrise
mobile I just cracked my knuckle that's
what can heard that was not fart it's
really cool and i'm sure this makes
moonrise on that lab so proud is that
someone put out an article i don't know
if this is someone that was at pax and
had tried the game will read through and
see but they did a very nice article
based on the game so if you guys want to
read the article it is a perfect way for
you who haven't watched my other videos
or don't know what moon rises for you to
get the gist of what it is there's a
pretty little pictures here also to show
you what the game entails it is a
gorgeous game and it's a as they said
got a gently persuade them all because
you're fighting alongside your solari
you're not just having them get their
balls chopped off for you in battle
you're actually alongside them as you
can see here you're the warden and you
have two at a time out there and you're
commanding them but you're also taking
damage and fighting alongside your
friends so it's a really cool game it's
definitely worth look out for I think
it's already out in Canada or something
for some reason we don't have it yet the
US but definitely it is worth waiting
for I've been keeping my eye on it you
guys should definitely go over to their
page let them some support let them know
how excited you are for this game and
that you are a die-hard fan right off
the box trust me it's gonna be awesome
guys and I know a lot of you who are
subscribed to my channel you enjoy kind
of the same games i do rpgs particularly
with monster capturing elements to it so
the
is going to be right up your alley you
thought I was gonna say right up your a
whole yeah I was gonna say that I was
thinking it anyways I'll see you guys
later don't forget to Like subscribe
have a great day love you and stay safe
and every aspect of the phrase